=Romance of a Twin Flower=
=Episode 7=
(Virtue Prevails)
Your Ladyship,
it's been two hours.
Why
didn't anyone come?
Muxu.
Are you sure
you gave them the invitations?
I'm sure.
I sent them
one by one
to the housekeepers of other mansions.
It... It shouldn't be like this.
(Ning's Mansion)
General Nie.
Unload now.
Here.
Slow down.
I see.
Your Ladyship.
Someone's coming now, Your Ladyship.
See? See?
I told you.
It's gonna be
all big shots at my dinner.
No. They...
See that?
The leader.
He is imposing and personable.
I'm sure he must be a big shot.
Look at his wife
next to him.
She is elegant and dignified.
And have you seen
their daughter?
She looks like a fairy.
So beautiful.
Your Ladyship, have you forgotten?
Mr. Nie is your father.
And his wife next to him
is your mother.
My father? My mother?
(Mrs. Nie, Nie Qingyun)
It's Sangyu.
(Nie Xiangyuan)
Mother.
Sangyu.
Is she my sister?
You're right.
Are they rich?
Very rich.
Sangyu.
Mother.
Sangyu, how you...
Sangyu.
What happened to you?
Is His Lordship mean to you again?
Father.
Sangyu.
What have you been wronged by? Tell me.
I'm fine.
He's not. Mother.
Sangyu.
I heard you injured your head
when you fell into the water.
So you forgot a lot of things, right?
Do you remember anything
about me?
I... I...
I know.
I know my sister is
a smart
and decent girl.
Sangyu.
Tell me.
What's wrong with you?
Sangyu.
I...
Your Ladyship.
You have never praised
your sister before.
You always beat her,
scolded her and lectured her.
Why is Sangyu
so different?
I see.
Qingyun.
I was blind.
I didn't see
how smart, beautiful
kind, generous and decent you were.
Father. Mother.
I did lose my memory
this time.
But I got better.
I'm gentler than before.
- And I'm more generous.
- Lose memory?
I mean it.
Sangyu.
You lost your memory.
Really?
Sangyu.
That's great.
What are you talking about?
Watch your manners.
You'd better change your clothes.
Yes, yes, Father.
Come here.
Here. Here.
- Sangyu.
- Slow down.
Your father and I brought you
a lot of delicious food
from the Northwest.
The wagon is full of goodies.
Most of them are put in the backyard.
Come here. Look.
They are all your favorites.
Mother.
What are these?
I didn't see them
in the capital before.
This.
This was your favorite
when you were a kid.
Honeydew melon.
It's our specialty in the Northwest.
Hami melon.
Northwest.
What other good things are there
in the Northwest?
There are many special things
in the Northwest.
You can't see them in the capital.
Very special things.
Really?
Slow down.
Where is this?
Let's sit there.
Come on.
Slow down.
Father.
Sangyu.
What do you want? Tell me.
Are there really a lot of rare things
in the Northwest that
are not available in the capital?
If we bring and sell them here,
we will make a lot of money, right?
Do you want to do business?
What's wrong with it?
Sangyu.
You haven't been exposed
to the outside world.
You don't know
about the business thing.
And,
the capital is far from the Northwest.
Carriage costs must be expensive.
It's not
a good business.
I see.
Is Yuxuan
mean to you?
Did he skimp on your food subsidy?
Distant...
I'm asking you.
No.
He never
skimps on my subsidy.
He doesn't dare.
Sangyu.
Now it's just you and me.
Let me know
if you have any grievances.
I'll back you up.
No. No.
Tell me.
Let me know.
Fine.
I want to divorce him.
I want to divorce Ning Yuxuan
and then open a rouge shop.
Divorce?
Open a rouge shop?
Right.
I've already made the decision.
Father, you know what?
Since I woke up,
I became soberer than before.
I found that
Ning Yuxuan
didn't love me at all.
This man
is handsome,
but has no other merits.
He grinds his teeth during sleep
and is picky about food.
He sets many rules.
He is a weird guy.
The strangest thing is that
he doesn't let anyone near him at all.
I went to him and he ignored me.
But when I ignored him,
he tried to sneak at me.
I...
Stop it.
Sangyu.
You're the Second-rank Lady
with Imperial Mandate now.
How could you tell your marriage secrets
to others?
You're my father.
You...
Stop. Stop.
I have to go.
Why?
No. I haven't finished.
Wear your titled clothes.
Father.
(Ning's Mansion)
♪Once anchored in your rainy eyes♪
♪Wait for years to portray
the scenery of this life♪
♪Take a boat full of songs
under moonlight♪
♪Seek the love you never have
in this life♪
Greetings, Your Ladyship.
Please rise.
No need for formalities.
Forget it.
Everyone who sees you
wear these clothes
should bow to you.
♪Four seasons linger into brocade
and dye into silk♪
♪Dressed in red and waiting for years
to do the makeup in the heart mirror♪
Don't look at it.
Everyone who wants to come
is here.
Well...
Today...
We're all families.
There's no need
for formalities.
Have a seat.
Sit.
Father, Mother, have a seat.
Qingyun, sit.
Have a seat.
(Virtue Prevails)
Dear.
That's your seat.
I don't want to sit there.
You pay
for the party.
You should sit there, of course.
Sangyu.
Why don't you say something?
What?
I'm not in the mood.
Come on.
Give her a big hand.
What should I say?
Sangyu. Say something.
Your Ladyship, please say something.
Fine.
I'll say something.
Today...
Everyone, have fun.
Come on.
Are you done?
Yes.
You know,
the other day,
the First Lady was conferred
as the Second-rank Lady
with Imperial Mandate.
This title
is the highest one for women.
So I hope she will do better
in the future.
She will be a model
for all women in the world.
That's all.
Besides,
I will
tell you a secret.
The snacks and tea
on your table
are all treated by Sangyu.
She is generous to
take her own 100 taels of silver
to buy specialties
from time-honored shops in the capital.
Alright. I see
some seats in the distance
are empty.
It's their loss that
they didn't come.
Why aren't you done?
Sit.
Come on.
How about
we propose a toast to
this generous titled lady?
You...
Sangyu, thank you for paying
so many taels of silver
to prepare the banquet for us.
You're so kind.
Thank you.
Thanks, Your Ladyship.
Everyone.
Money will come and go.
Enjoy yourself.
Have fun.
I'd like to propose a toast.
Have a seat.
Sit down.
I think you should
pay for this banquet.
Why?
Because you're my husband.
We're still married.
Right.
But the rule in
the Ning's Mansion is that
all expenses should be reported
in advance.
I was gonna help you
pay for this banquet.
But
you'd like to
spend 100 taels of silver
to hold this banquet.
Well...
I can't refuse you, right?
Can you pay half the price?
Thanks.
But it doesn't conform to the rules.
No way.
Look.
Do you think
this cookie looks like three cents
out of the 100 taels?
I'll eat enough
to make all my money back.
If it's not enough,
I will drink them all.
That's it.
Delicious.
That's the real osmanthus wine
of Qingshui Tavern.
Ten taels for one flagon.
I'll drink it
one tael by one tael.
80 taels.
I'll drink them all.
Come on.
Your Ladyship, that's enough.
You've drunk five flagons.
Just five flagons.
Five...
I want to drink.
That's not enough.
Your Ladyship.
Do you want to drink enough
for the 100 taels?
What? Can't I?
There's no need.
If you get yourself sick,
it'll cost you money to see a doctor.
It's not your business.
Don't think you can meddle
with my things
as my husband now.
I...
And
I want to drink enough
for the payment.
I'll drink.
Sangyu.
Watch your behavior.
Father.
I told you.
Your Ladyship.
He...
He's always in charge of me.
You say...
You're drunk.
I... I'm not.
You're drunk. Watch your behavior.
Dear.
You're drunk.
No.
I'm not. No...
Yes.
Master, what's wrong?
Never mind.
You...
You look like
my Mr. Right.
Your Lordship.
Her Ladyship is drunk.
How about I send her back
to Feiwan Pavilion to rest?
You look like my Mr. Right.
Muxu.
Your Lordship.
Send her back.
Your Ladyship.
- Muxu, have you smelled
- Let's hurry back.
something
in the yard?
Smell?
What's the smell?
Sweet smell.
It's a sweet smell.
Sweet.
Sweet smell.
It's the sweet smell of my Mr. Right.
So sweet.
(Longxing Inn)
Mother.
Why are you crying again?
Master.
Didn't you see it?
When I think of Sangyu's behavior
at the banquet today,
I feel sad.
We usually
dote on her.
But we don't know
how Ning Yuxuan bullied her
to have this weird personality.
Mother.
I'll teach Ning Yuxuan a lesson.
I'll ask him to treat Sangyu well.
Enough for that.
Calm down.
Otherwise,
I'll send you back to the Northwest.
I...
Qingyun.
You!
This... Master.
You go to take care of her.
Don't let her do anything stupid.
Xiangyuan,
I can't live
in the martial world
with two
hungry babies.
If I have other choices,
I'll never give this child to you.
Don't worry.
My wife and I have been married
for over a year
and have no children.
I'll take this child
as my own daughter.
From now on,
this child will take your surname.
You will raise her,
so you are her father.
This jade pendant is precious.
It was given by a noble person
when these two children were born.
That's the only thing I can leave
for my children.
I'll leave this jade pendant
of the right moon
to the elder sister.
It's a token
for their recognition.
Don't worry.
I'll protect this jade pendant
for this child.
They will
meet each other one day.
This jade pendant
is their token.
Go to my hometown, Luan County,
to find a man named Ji Ming.
Remember.
You must find him.
Yes, sir.
Your Lordship.
Feiwan Pavilion reported that
Her Ladyship fell asleep.
She tossed for a day
and finally fell asleep.
Have a rest.
Yes, sir.
Wait a minute.
Tell the bureau
to pay for
this banquet.
Your Lordship, are you...
Why do you ask so much?
Do it.
Yes, sir.
Ning Yuxuan.
I think my head hurts.
My legs hurt.
My body
also hurts.
You hurt all over, right?
Go back to bed then.
Anyway, I'm going to sleep.
Got you.
See?
Since we're married now,
we should do something
especially between husband and wife.
You...
Shush.
Stop it.
♪I'm happy but proud♪
♪I caught a glimpse of your smile♪
♪Life has thousands of troubles♪
♪But now we're having fun♪
You are my Mr. Right.
Look.
You're cute.
Again? You...
What do you want to do?
Come back.
Nie Sangyu, what do you want to do?
Don't go.
We're married.
We should do something.
Don't run away.
Go back to sleep.
What are you doing?
Don't run.
I...
Stop.
Why are you so mean to me?
Sangyu.
Come here.
I'm coming.
Yuxuan, let me go.
Yuxuan.
Let me go.
Put me down.
Put me down. Now.
Let me go.
Let me go. Let me go.
Put me down.
Let me go.
Nie Sangyu, she's a devil.
How dare she ruin my reputation
in the banquet?
Now she even wore the titled clothes
to hold the banquet.
I'll let her know
the notorious feeling.
Mr. Ling.
Nie Sangyu is already notorious now.
Not enough.
Yes, sir.
You said
Ning Yuxuan was hurt by rogues.
Really?
That's true.
He violated the order
to privately investigate the rogues
and found the wrong person.
Explain more.
That night,
Ning Yuxuan received the news
from nowhere that
there were rogues gathering
in a broken temple in West City,
so he hurried over.
But there were
no rogues at all.
Only some refugees were here.
Was Ning Yuxuan injured by them?
Someone among them.
In order to avenge his father,
Ning Yuxuan has been hunting down
rogues over the years
by fierce ways.
Refugees hate him.
We can say he used his power
for personal revenge.
Does the Ministry of Justice
know something?
Mr. Wang of the Ministry of Justice
doesn't like him either.
So
if rogues were killed,
the Ministry of Justice
will first doubt...
(Virtue Prevails)
Muxu.
Your Ladyship, you woke up.
Help me up.
Why does my head hurt so much?
Your Ladyship.
Don't you remember?
You were drunk at the banquet.
Then?
Then...
I don't know how to say it.
Just say it.
I thought
you didn't like His Lordship anymore.
But last night,
last night, you...
You were so...
What?
Yesterday, at the banquet,
in front of all of us,
you hugged His Lordship
and said he was your Mr. Right.
What?
There's more.
Later you went to His Lordship's room
and was brought back
with the cotton quilt by His Lordship.
Is it his quilt?
Who changed my clothes?
Please tell me he didn't touch me.
No, no. I changed your clothes.
It was you who wanted to
touch...
Touch His Lordship.
His Lordship had no choice
but stopped you by wrapping you
in a cotton quilt.
After coming back,
you yelled that you wanted
to sleep
with His Lordship
and fought overnight.
No. No. No.
No.
How many beads
will I be skimped by him?
Well, Your Ladyship.
The housekeeper
has just sent a 100-tael bank note.
He said His Lordship will pay
for yesterday's banquet.
Your Ladyship.
His Lordship is more and more
interested in you.
Maybe
if you try harder,
you'll be able to sleep
with His Lordship.
What are you talking about?
Now I just want to...
I just want to
broaden the market for face cream
and get rid of the fame of being a devil.
I didn't think about anything else.
You can't believe a drunk woman.
Listen!
Can you believe
the No.1 She-devil of the Capital
killed horses and ate their meat?
See? See what are they
talking about?
Kill horses and eat their meat?
I didn't do that.
- Nonsense.
- Your Ladyship.
Your Ladyship, keep your voice down.
Let me go.
I didn't do anything wrong.
Why should I hide?
Your Ladyship, you don't know that.
There are some priggish scholars
in the capital.
These deadbeat guys
always gather
to slander
or boast about others.
As long as you give them money,
they dare to say
and write anything.
It's them.
But they can't say nonsense.
Yes.
A gentleman makes money
in the right way.
What they got was black money.
Cash a paycheck?
Cash a paycheck.
That's weird.
(I'll go find out.)
(How dare you,
a priggish scholar, slander me?)
(Hefeng Restaurant)
(I'll take you to the government.)
No.1 She-devil of the Capital.
Come back.
She is the No.1 She-devil
of the Capital,
Nie Sangyu.
I...
Is she Nie Sangyu?
I'm not.
It's her!
It's her.
I am. But I didn't...
It's you. It's you.
You're the She-devil of the Capital.
It's you.
It's her. It's her.
You're the She-devil. It's you.
Listen.
He slandered me.
It's him.
Explain to everybody.
Smash her.
Stop.
Turn around.
How did you make yourself like this?
What's wrong with you?
I got screwed by priggish scholars.
Who?
Some guys
who slander others.
When I walked out on the street today,
everyone
called me the She-devil of the Capital.
They said I killed horses
and ate their meat.
It must be Ling Jianxing.
I just embarrassed him
last time.
How could he let
all the priggish scholars in the capital
slander me?
I didn't offend anyone.
You think
it's Ling Jianxing.
Do you
have any evidence?
Yes.
But I know they will never admit it.
Okay.
I see.
Don't worry.
I'll handle this.
You?
Really?
I'll keep my word.
You must think about a good way.
They are evil,
always saying dirty words.
They are bad.
I didn't do those things.
I'm not that kind of woman.
It's just nonsense.
Don't listen to them.
Otherwise, you'll be sad.
Don't listen to them,
okay?
Stop listening to them.
Here is a red bead for you.
Do you feel better?
I... I...
I...
I... I don't have it anymore.
I'll give you a blue bead.
Can you hug me?
Why did they say that about me?
I didn't do those things.
That's okay. Alright.
Never mind.
We must admit
what we did.
But we should never admit
what we didn't do.
That's okay.
I'll handle it.
Boss.
It's late.
What are we doing here?
I heard Lackey Ning
has been to this ruined temple
with someone.
Maybe there are some clues
about the Tea Gang.
Let's check it.
Once people of the Tea Gang
were arrested by Lackey Ning,
they would be tortured.
I'll do my best to help them.
Mom.
Boss.
- Boss.
Should we chase them?
Check for the survivors.
The priority is to save lives.
Yes, sir.
Come on.
(Breadth of Mind)
Muxu.
Didn't Ning Yuxuan say
to help me get revenge?
Why is he still here?
Your Ladyship, take it easy.
Only one night has passed.
No matter how marvelous His Lordship is,
he must need time to act.
Today.
Come.
He...
Why can't he speak?
Today.
He is dumb.
Dumb?
Really?
He can't speak.
Dumb?
Muxu.
It...
It couldn't be Ning Yuxuan, right?
Hurry up. Go back to figure it out.
I want to know the truth.
Go. Go.
Say something.
Say it.
Step down.
Go.
Master Liao Ran.
Please take care
of those surviving refugees.
(Buddha's Light Shines)
Don't worry.
Well,
there is
a weird thing
about the assassins who kill refugees.
I saw the mark of the Tea Gang
in their bodies.
Could it be that someone is pretending
to work for the Tea Gang
doing bad things?
No way.
It's been
so many years.
Apart from Yuxuan,
not many people know about the Tea Gang,
either in court or on the street.
Maybe
the survivors of the Tea Gang
joined other factions.
I'll
figure it out.
I can't stand it
if someone is pretending
to work for the Tea Gang
to do evil things.
I'll kill them for the Tea Gang.
Sir.
These stories
have spread throughout the capital.
They are vivid,
attracting,
and even like real stories.
So interesting.
Guess who the She-devil
of the Capital is?
It's Lackey Ning's wife,
Nie Sangyu.
Who spread the rumor?
Priggish... Priggish scholars.
These days,
all the priggish scholars in the capital
have spread the stories.
They all compete to interpret the story
of the She-devil of the Capital.
Sir.
Listen. I can tell you.
Your Ladyship. Your Ladyship.
What? Have you figured it out?
Yes.
All priggish scholars in the capital
became dumb
overnight.
What?
(No. No.)
(No.)
I know His Lordship can handle this.
That's true.
He did such a big thing
by only one night.
No.
Everyone in the capital
may doubt the stories
about the No.1 She-devil of the Capital,
but now all priggish scholars
are dumb.
Who would everyone think that did it?
It asserted that
I'm the No.1 She-devil of the Capital.
Your Ladyship.
Maybe you're right.
What... What can we do?
What can we do? What can we do? What...
Shut up.
I'll cook you
if you say moo again.
Sir.
I'm kidding, sir.
Sir. I'm sorry. Sorry.
Sorry.
Well...
What can we do, Your Ladyship?
Do you want to eat meat?
Who?
Is... Is it them? I don't think so.
♪Summer stars, autumn night♪
♪Who is wandering
under the moon in my heart♪
♪The deepest story
with the shallowest goodbye♪
♪After passing by,
I can only meet you in my dream♪
♪The wind can't breeze
the long street of time♪
♪The burning yearning will never cool♪
♪Two hearts meet again foreshadowing love♪
♪How can I describe it
when we look into each other's eyes♪
♪Take a life time to write the story♪
♪Together with you♪
♪Company you♪
♪Just for your glance and smile♪
♪The first promise means the forever love♪
♪Fireworks all over the sky
light up your night♪
♪Take a life time♪
♪To write the story with you gradually♪
♪Just like this♪
♪Our love goes on and on♪
♪The day we first met,
the year when we get old♪
♪My heart and my love will never vanish♪